hi people
[Music]
on today's episode of what fresh hell is
this my very good friend Roger is coming
on to the podcast we we've talked about
him since the beginning of this podcast
and now he is finally here we are going
to be talking about drugs Paw Patrol
getting [ __ ] up at Harry Styles
getting [ __ ] up at the New York
philharmonics getting [ __ ] up at
synagogues a common theme here we're
gonna get [ __ ] up all right let's hop
into it we're Seas
Christ
[Music]
hello and welcome to what fresh hell is
this with me Stanzi Potenza
I got a little emotional uh earlier
uh I got uh pretty emotional we're
actually uh uh recording the intro and
monologue after we've already had uh
today's guest on uh Roger my my very
good friend Roger who I allude to in
like episodes all the time because he is
my like closest friend in New York I
drag him to all of the the [ __ ] that I
do you know I drag him to all of the
the events that I get invited to
um some terrible uh some amazing uh like
Harry Styles I think I've talked about
that on the podcast before but oh God
the thing about me is that um
despite uh being kind of a [ __ ]
online and you know acting kind of like
a terrible person and really putting
that foot forward the real the you know
[ __ ] up foot and being like how can I
joke about this terrible thing in a
borderline not tasteless way you know
like you know like not tasteful way I'm
like how can I kind of be a little
[ __ ] up today what's what's the new
[ __ ] up thing I can joke about and get
away with it now despite being a dick
I'm also a huge [ __ ] [ __ ] so uh
Roger kind of talks about how he'll miss
me when I when I move and that just made
me I'm like oh God now I'm trying so
hard not to like cry right now on the
podcast I'm like [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] don't
don't [ __ ] cry on the podcast that's
so
so stupid you [ __ ] loser don't show
emotion don't let them know your
weakness
your weakness being gay best friend
yeah that's what kind of uh
why I love an Irish goodbye
uh because you just leave you know you
don't have to deal with goodbyes I'm
sort of Irish goodbye in New York I try
to Irish goodbye as much as possible
it's just very efficient it leaves other
people wondering where the [ __ ] you went
but I would Irish goodbye at my own
parties like people would stay awake you
know they would sleep over the house you
know like like cast parties or like
birthdays and they're like where did
where did Stanzi go it's like oh yeah
she changed into her pajamas and she
[ __ ] off
she's asleep right now and they were
like I had like friends in college being
like we were all uh we're all waiting
for you you never came back I'm like
yeah yeah I went to bed that was dumb of
you to wait
but uh you know doing it at like
different Gatherings and stuff because
the thing is like when you have a big
Gathering if you actively are trying to
say goodbye to people
then like everyone is coming and saying
goodbye and then they but before you
leave they have a quick little [ __ ]
story to tell you and like everyone's
got to get their last word in and it's
like God it's like it's like the Odyssey
I'm like I'm just trying to go home I'm
just trying to like I feel like [ __ ]
Odysseus I'm like get me home I just
want to go home and see my family again
like I can't keep doing this I can't
keep getting dragged around and pulled
into news stories and [ __ ] I'm just
trying to [ __ ] leave so that's what I
typically do they go hey where'd you go
did you die I'm like no I got an Uber
and I left I love you but goodbye I am I
was done with this interaction social
battery ran out and I left
but uh yeah I am Irish goodbye in New
York uh just because I don't think I can
physically handle
the uh emotion
the emotion the the singular emotion
the one emotion the I can't handle the
emotions that come with being like
goodbye friends
I'm leaving and then having to do all
that [ __ ] [ __ ]
um
so I've been trying really hard to be
like yeah whatever
I'll be back I'll be back to the east
coast you guys it's not a big deal
um but of course Roger had to just be
randomly like sentimental
super off brand for him speaking of
Roger let's just like let's not even
waste any more time okay Roger we're
gonna welcome to the show Roger Dolly
Roger is one of my oldest friends we
have done a lot of theater together he
was uh the mark to my Maureen we did
Wedding Singer together where um I was
Cindy Lauper he was Nancy Reagan we love
a good drag performance we have had so
many memories together over the years
and uh New York this past year has been
just amazing so uh let's dive into it uh
welcoming to the show my dear dear
friend Roger dolly
Roger welcome to the show thank you so
much for having me God what a [ __ ]
pleasure
Roger and I have done this intro like
four times because three yeah three
times because the recording kept cutting
out so we had to keep we have to keep
being like Oh my God hey so good to see
you this is the first time wow and we're
actors right so it's like
I'm just putting I'm just in in
character right now but I as I said uh
three other times
um Roger has been a reoccurring
character on what fresh hell is this for
like since it started and it felt very
appropriate to have him finally on the
show uh before I leave New York Roger I
mean we've just had so many Adventures
so we really have we really it makes
sense I was so pumped when you moved
here and it has been a great year I will
say it's been a great year I mean we we
have had like so many crazy moments this
past year and it feels so crazy to be
like yeah it's only been a year just
because so much has happened and all of
those like so many of the adventures
that I've had the past year have had you
in it so just and so people you were
just like a character in my life and now
we're we're really putting a a face to
to the name right The Man Behind The
Myth you know like the the legend
himself but Roger and I have been
friends for like 13 almost 14 years
which is because we did Community
Theater together oh we started camp at
what like 13 or 14 being like some of
the most insufferable people in the room
at a community theater on the South
Shore of Massachusetts which is truly
just like the most insufferable
environment but we had fun we had a
blast back in the day oh yeah I mean
what a great experience that was we I
mean we met so many people like lifelong
friends you know
um and I think for so many of us who
were just mentally ill
we needed some sort of Outlet right I
was gonna we needed like a theater to be
like oh turn that pain into art yeah we
were like yeah it's really the place to
be like if you've ever considered
self-harm like that was the number one
spot to really truly be anyone mentally
ill it was really like the watering hole
for everyone unwell I remember like uh
we there was she has since passed but
one of the most like important uh I
think figures in our childhood her name
is Jordy saucerman she was this like
tiny Southern lesbian who like ran the
theater and she would be like like baby
doll like like you would just be like
come in and be like mentally ill and she
she like she like loved that she's like
yeah like when they first came to the
theater they were a mess and now look at
him gay
literally look for context of This
Woman's like catchphrase for anyone who
I mean now can't have the great pleasure
of knowing her but her literal
catchphrase was a baby I'm a mentor not
a role model was her whole thing and
that was how she Justified just like
saying crazy things she used to give
everybody popsicles and the whole joke
they were rainbow popsicles so she'd be
like you know you have one of those
you're gonna turn gay those popsicles
make you gay baby was like the freeze
pops make you gay
because they wrote an article about it
like some there was some article about
how like company theater was like
turning kids gay and so then the ongoing
joke was just like yeah the freeze pops
make you gay baby doll and like any of
our like very obvious gay friends like
like that like we're at the theater
she'd be like it's the freeze pops got a
lot of freeze pups she's from the south
and one of my favorite like anecdotes
for her for some reason was she would
walk around and I'm like 13 years old
and she would just be like did you know
Abraham Lincoln he was homosexual he was
gay like constantly that came up for
some reason and I was like like were you
there oh the other thing was um talking
about Hiroshima there was some show that
had like
really literally would be like Hiroshima
I was there baby I saw those faces
melting off and we were like you weren't
though like timelines you couldn't okay
she was in both of the towers before
they fell and the planes and the
Pentagon she was there for all of it
what a formative lesbian in our lives
though like what a very formative
lesbian it was a beautiful so that was
you know that's kind of like the
backstory with Roger and I but you know
we we grew up doing a bunch of theater
together and then we you know went to
college and we kind of lost touch and
then reconnected prior to uh covid and
then I moved to New York and then
um I I we have a mutual friend named
Olivia and we sort of became this little
threesome and I don't think any of us
were expecting that to happen Roger was
just like I want you to meet this uh
this girl she's she's really amazing I
think that you'll have a lot in common
um and I met her and she was really
wonderful but then we became like all
really good friends which is so amazing
um but they met because Roger
was on tour with her for Paw Patrol
yeah tell us about that what a time in
my life so I'm like I moved here 18
which at this point it was almost eight
years ago which is crazy but um moved
here at like 18 was here for about a
year and a half two years and during
that time I was like auditioning for
random stuff and taking classes and a
casting director in one of the classes
which either kept my headshot or
remembered me or something and was like
hey will you come in for this thing and
I had never heard of it
um didn't want to go in for it but I was
like you know what I want to impress
this man so I'll go in and then
inevitably they just were like it's you
you're gonna do this for a year and so
for a year of my sweet little life at
like 20 I was basically like Steven
Blue's Clues or like Dora in Dora
um all across the suite North America
slash United States
um and Olivia was one of the other
humans in that show we were not the
[ __ ] I want to clarify it was no
one's [ __ ] in Paw Patrol but um yeah
that was wild and that was how I met
Olivia and then we stayed in touch so
pandemic hits you go from working at a
cupcake place to becoming sansi Potenza
and then she goes from being just Olivia
who I had worked with to all of a sudden
in 2020 she became the voice of Dunkin
Donuts Kohl's slack like all the time if
I had the TV on it was Olivia's voice so
you guys had this weird thing of bizarre
success during a time when no one was
succeeding and I was like oh you gotta
meet you gotta me and that kind of
spawned that and yeah we've all hung out
very consistently over the last year
it's been fun it's been amazing I do
think it's really funny that uh when
Roger was in Paw Patrol uh the onion did
a little article about him and that was
me seeing Roger like during a time where
we were kind of both doing our own thing
and being like does this should make fun
of Roger on the onion for doing Paw
Patrol literally one day I woke up and
it was um the headline was like either
Jesus Christ or oh God I can't believe
someone actually brought their kids to
it and it was my big old fat 20 year old
face front and center and that was that
was something
um but people did come people like big
names people came so like a month into
it they were like oh some you're gonna
meet there's gonna be a meet and greet
and it's gonna be early morning like 9
A.M
um security reasons you cannot know who
it is but show up to work early whatever
I get there and it's right before I'm
walking in the room
they go it's Kim
I said Kim who Kim could try out like
there's a lot of people named freaking
Kim and they got Kardashian and this was
like a month or two after the Paris
robbery where she was like held at
gunpoint so it was like no one could
know she was there and in strolls Kim
Kardashian at like you know 9 9 30 in
the morning or something and her child I
think it was um it wasn't North because
I thought that was at least funny I
think it was Saint
um and so it was literally me rolling
around on the ground with her and her
kid for like 45 minutes it was just
bizarre but it was at the height of that
franchise so it was like Kim Sierra
Fergie lin-manuel and Jimmy Fallon like
all these people were bringing their
children to that at that time so it was
like it was a good time to do it I will
say
wow well that is
insane I could never do that again I
could never do that now that's a huge
commitment that's a lot yeah even the
idea of doing like a tour for myself for
my show I'm just like oh man like doing
the Trap I mean I'm gonna do it but I'm
just like whoo yeah you know oh no I'm
forced to go on tour and be successful
that
oh that is one of
the
funniest I think bits that you and I
have where Roger and I um I don't know
why this started I don't know what like
when or how like it was just like we
would be out in public and like I
remember being like like just in like
loud bars and just being like
and then like people would walk
people like walk by you know and they'd
kind of look around and we would look
around being like what the [ __ ] is that
who said that like always
and it's like what the [ __ ] the the keys
to sound like some world we live in like
the big kids used to really sound like
it hurts
yeah yeah like it's just [ __ ] like a
horse [ __ ] yeah like you're just getting
yeah yeah and I don't so we were but we
were hanging out with our friend Olivia
uh like a couple of days ago
and of course this happens right before
I leave because I was like oh I'm gonna
do this to her every time she said
something she like was drinking
something or she was eating something
and then I think it went down the wrong
she goes oh she goes ow my hole and us
being
adults who are almost like 30 were like
ah did you just say hole
and she was just dying laughing and I'm
like well you're giving me a great
reaction I'm like this is exactly what I
want if you keep doing that I I am not
going to stop ever for the rest of my
life so we had to go to like a bodega
because she wanted snacks so we're just
like walking down the street being like
yeah anyway so then I was like oh
and then she was like no stop not not in
the middle of the street it's amazing
like I it's so much fun
um but we I mean what a crazy year it
has been like think about all of the
stuff we've done I I know that uh I know
you who are secretly doing a little
countdown on your top moments but like
we have we like
I'm gonna hijack the crap out of this
because I literally have a list and
that's one of the things on it so I was
getting a little homework
um I definitely will miss the crap out
of you I have to say it's uh it's very
bittersweet because it's been a lovely
year and it's been lovely to like
geographically not be that far from each
other again at this like stage of life
but then also like there are so many
great things to come and like we all
know this is just the beginning and La
is going to be wonderful for you but we
do have to look over the last year
um and appreciate some of these moments
I will say much of this has probably
been covered on the Pod but we have to
Circle back oh yeah I know we do through
my camera roll specifically to figure
out just like when you got here and on
what are the top events and the first
thing that I do want to start with was
actually your first night here
um the first I I have this written as
baby's first time in New York City being
recognized if you recall we are at let
me set the stage we're in the West
Village at the duplex which is like uh
wonderfully shitty piano bar highly
recommend
um and I brought Stanzi her mother Alice
and we went out and this man just
approached you for the first time and
you had the moment of like oh God
someone just stopped knows exactly who
you are and then was buying you drinks I
can't remember
yeah I think he bought me like two
drinks and then we stayed with him for
the rest of the night that was like what
was funny like a drag show yeah oh yeah
yeah and my mom and and her boyfriend
Todd like [ __ ] off they were like
we're gonna go to karaoke and I was like
okay bye yeah and then that night ended
with I think you threw up in your purse
and I lit meatballs on fire at my
apartment so that was like a great
weekend start I literally woke up to the
you know not the ambulance the freaking
fire truck people fire department is
there a fire and it was just me being
like no I left the meatballs on them
yeah I'm sorry you're like oh sorry
mister
I uh I threw up in my purse yes I did
and the Uber driver's like are you okay
and I'm like
yeah I'm good man and then uh obviously
I like threw my purse into the like
washing machine and uh somehow salvaged
it and then I I just laid down naked in
my shower and kind of passed out for
like maybe 20 minutes and just let the
water hit my face that's one of the last
times
I think it it's either the last time or
the second to last time I've thrown up
because of alcohol rock bottom rock yeah
yeah so that's that was ours I was like
Welcome to New York it's been waiting
for who you
um yeah the second thing that came to
mind was just the time the [ __ ]
Empire State Building casually just
invited you to come stroll along and
visit and we couldn't that was maybe the
beginning of the sex noises was we
couldn't stop there's children there's
tourists around and we're like
at the top of the Empire State Building
that was so there was that I think that
probably was the beginning of it but it
was also us just walking around the
observation like the outside of the
observation like deck being like and me
being like you know it could happen
again you know pretty tall building
that was bad it could happen again we
couldn't stop being just like wildly
inappropriate at the very top of the
Empire State Building never forget
never forget yeah it was you just being
like stop and I'm like well I remember
walking through that gift shop too and
there was a really terrible shirt that
was like a hundred dollars almost bought
it for the I was like as a joke but I'm
like that's a very expensive joke to
just have this terrible shirt to
remember that time we went to the Empire
State Building good memory that was very
early on too never forget
um the next thing that comes to mind
another big like Mentor in our lives
um is this man named Michael Joseph he
now has like verged into the friend zone
in the best way like it's strange to
have someone who taught us so much in
adolescence now be like a social fun
like friend figure in our lives but at
some point in the last year he um
actually ended up getting super into
Judaism which is awesome kind of later
in life he's got to be in his like mid
60s
um but we he invited us to his binay
Mitzvah um it's Bar Mitzvah and we
decided to show up just crossfaded as
hell at like maybe maybe 9 A.M or
something that was a pivotal pivotal
moment in the last year something
shifted that day that was very silly day
I was just talking about that uh
recently I forget why I brought it up
but I was uh I was like yeah I went to
this like binay Mitzvah Not only was it
like Roger and I get it like going my
mom came out of town with her boyfriend
to like go to this thing because we were
randomly we're at this uh gay bar called
flaming Saddles when he like invited us
like dancing Cowboys on the table and
and he's like you want to come to my
name it's fun we're like yep honor and
then he invited like my mom on Earth and
I like told her I was like if you if you
want to come and she like came from out
of state and then okay it's also worth
mentioning it was like the week that her
cat had died so she came in like cat
Harry Potter very emotional like very
during the service also they're like you
know say a prayer for those who passed
on and my like drunk ass turns to them
at like 9 30 in the morning and I go
R.I.P Harry Potter the name of there
um so that was fun but she also like
because she was so emotional she was
like having a day we're all having
drinks whatever she gets a little rough
and emotional and another woman we know
turns to stanz and goes yeah my mom has
a drinking problem too what like Alice
doesn't have a drinking problem but it
was the most bizarre it was just too
good
it was such a it was such a day and the
the Edibles that um that we took because
yeah because Roger and I were like my
mom I haven't been some men like any
really religious events because I you
know wasn't raised with religion so I
don't really know what I'm walking into
when I go to these things like anytime
I've gone to a church it's because
someone has died or traveling in Europe
and going to see the architecture uh
though like those are my like
experiences so my mom goes oh yeah by
the way this like thing it's probably
gonna be like six hours and I was like
holy [ __ ] it wasn't it was like three
but I was like Jesus Christ and so I was
like I cannot be
sober for this like there's just there's
Norway no can't do it so I like you
texted me and you're like I have a a
margarita in a to-go cup that I'm
heading to the synagogue and I was like
all right I just I just had a vodka Red
Bull at 9am
and uh and I brought this edible which
is like this little Taffy it's like a
it's like a weed edible however it's
I've never had a worse experience on
drug and I've done a lot of drugs we all
know this I've never had a worse
experience on drugs than taking one of
those but like a whole Taffy and it's
like this big the size of like uh
[ __ ] nickel or like a quarter maybe
but you know we're just [ __ ] up and
high in this synagogue watching this man
we really respect convert to Judaism my
mom's sitting next to us you know
devastated over the dead cat and I kept
walking by her throughout like the rest
of the day you know like we went to a
bar later that night
I'm walking by her and she's just like
yeah I just have a lot of like you know
I just feel like um maybe I'm not a
super good person I'm like Jesus Christ
what is going on here I was like go to
bed she did she disappeared at one point
I was gonna say that from then on she
literally just disappeared the five ten
minutes go by and we're like where is
Alice you were like she died literally
in bed yeah hey I know you're you were
like your mom is dead
nice I bet the world's not [ __ ]
turning like a mile a minute right now
you know I bet she's not I bet she
doesn't have double vision or anything
just admit that you're drunk it's okay
you had a rough week but that was a
great memory that's one that's a core
memory for that was a quintessential New
York event and I just have to say
lahayam all right we will be right back
[Music]
welcome back
moving on to the next piece
um baby's first live shows we have to
like we have to touch on that so I got
to see you had four sold out stand-up
shows I got to see three of them I my
old ass could not make it to the 10 10
30 p.m weekday show but that first one
come on like what 300 people sold out
somebody drove on a motorcycle from like
Indiana just to see you do your first
thing come on like that was a huge deal
that was that was really amazing that
that mean that first show for obviously
for the the podcast or like our podcast
live show
um
sold out and that was really crazy and
yeah it was a bigger venue than the
other shows that I did since uh because
my touring agent was like let's start
off let's do like do it like I have like
a little more casual sort of shows
before we kind of expand now now that
we've I've done it they're like all
right are you comfortable moving into
like bigger venues now and I'm like yeah
yeah that's great I've already done
bigger venues you know I did the the
live show but that was
a really great thing to have friends
there for you know and and you're sort
of like I feel like you fill in for my
mom because my mom is the one that's
always like I have to go to every single
show ever and I'm like no you can't I
was like you have coven
and like she just been consistently sick
for like the entire like winter she's
like I'm on my way and I'm like no stay
the [ __ ] home
stay away from me don't get me sick
right
and uh I was like it's fine you don't
need to be there for this I'm going to
Boston at some point like I'll be there
and Roger is there Roger's gonna be
there like and and he's gonna carry your
spirit with him so don't worry I'm your
mommy now
yeah you're my you're my real mommy oh
Mommy Roger oh my god when you said that
was the big joke when you moved here was
that I'm the momager I am the Kris
Jenner of the operation let's be real
this is why my mom is just [ __ ]
obsessed with you you know I love Alice
Potenza I deeply and genuinely have a
connection with any woman over the age
of 45 like for whatever reason I just
relate to them far more but I would like
a little drum roll we have two two more
quick ones but um
box seats to Harry Styles shout out to
Grande Cosmetics thank you thank you dab
dab Grande Cosmetics I think that was
Unreal that was Roger I think part of
the reason why Roger is so aside from us
just being friends and hanging out like
you know I would I would get invited to
different events and I would be like oh
God like I'm going to an influence or
event like
like I don't I don't want to do that
[ __ ] alone
um so I would be like Roger you want to
come to this [ __ ] thing and you would
just be like yeah sure um so I'm like
dragging Roger to like influencer events
and stuff and like some of them are fun
and some of them are like dumb dumb but
it's just a thing to do and usually
they're like oh it's a free thing but
Harry Styles was one of those things
that like I don't feel bad dragging
Roger to this right I'm like the other
ones I'm like a little silly but that
was
I get chills I was on drugs I was on
shrooms but we like we just we did the
little influencer thing where they're
like here's your goodie bag and here's
do a little post you want to take a yeah
the boa they gave us the free boas oh
and and then we we got our little goodie
bag we did the little like yep here's
the photo and then we just sat down we
were like and and it's happening I cried
as soon as he got on stage did his
little gay little prance around
I was like there he is
he killed it that was an experience if
you've seen Harry Styles you know he
puts on a great show but that what that
made me realize how much I missed like
concerts and stuff and not having to
deal with like standing and getting
pushed around just being able to sit and
like just enjoy it and and that was
amazing we had a great time
12 out of ten but I will say yeah a
sweet little drum roll please for the
last and I will say most recent thing
that in that so again I've lived here
almost eight years in the like nearly
eight years this to me felt like a
quintessential New York evening we got
together before I had a little
quesadilla and like some sangria or
Margarita took some shroom chocolates
and then went to the New York
Philharmonic
and it was
wild we get there we're just the
messiest people at the event always
Johnson has a drink in her hand is
talking about how much it means to be a
woman in comedy and crushes the drink
with the strength of her fist while
she's talking about how passionate she
feels about that we then proceed to go
to the bathroom prior to the performance
beginning and as I'm at the urinal alone
because everybody's already seated over
the speakers you know when an orchestra
warms up and it's like one the first
chair will play the note and then
they're all doing that
like bizarre like bizarre sound as I'm
peeing that starts happening and the
shrooms hit so it literally was like
all simultaneously when you meet outside
the bathroom and immediately cannot stop
cackling laughing
that is definitely one of my favorite
things that I've I've done first of all
shout out to the New York philharmonics
that was an amazing experience thank you
so much for inviting us to a very nice
like event thing but the shrooms are
like starting to hit and we sit down and
we're like watching the the thing and
they do a beautiful first thing we're
trying not to like laugh we're trying
not to be too silly and then the rest of
the show happened it was great it was
Beethoven so I don't know what the
number [ __ ] seven I don't know uh but
then we like meet the they gave us like
a tour of the place after we're meeting
like the musicians and stuff and we are
just tweaking out
we met like the main person that was
like featured
and we were just like hey man
what how are you doing great that was
[ __ ] awesome clarinetists in the
world and we're like hey it's a liquid
I'm like come here great job yeah we're
like great job man that was [ __ ]
awesome that was incredibly silly that
and and these this is just like this is
just like part of the you know the
experience these were just some events
but like we had a crazy Pride together
like we had like just any time my mom
was randomly in town you know like just
crazy stuff and we're gonna do a last
hurray
um before we go and uh we're going to
sleep no more on Saturday yeah oh yeah
literally tomorrow yeah yeah tomorrow
tomorrow yeah we're going to sleep no
more
um because Roger and Olivia have never
been and they've been in New York longer
than I have but I've already been twice
um and it's one of those things that I
always tell people I'm like you have to
do this if you're in New York yeah it's
one of those things that you just have
to do so I'm super excited that we get
to like go and have that kind of like
last hurray but
with Roger you know with like some of
the other like New York people I'm like
yeah maybe like this is not something
you know maybe this will fizzle out and
stuff but I'm like Roger you know you're
my like pretty much my oldest friend at
this point and this is super gay I'm
gonna oh I feel emotional oh [ __ ]
okay
see it whatever but I'm like you know
I said this to you the other day when uh
we were going to the second show when I
met you at your at your workplace and I
was like yeah I mean you're basically
family like you know my mom [ __ ]
loves you I'm like even if you and I had
a falling out my I'm like you would
still just be there to hang out with my
mom and my younger sister Nella you know
I'm like you're you're just part of the
family so we'll never you know not
be in touch and we're gonna I think be
in each other's lives for until the rest
of our lives you know that's just oh
yeah we're just stuck with each other so
for better for worse cute [ __ ]
graduation friends forever as we go on
like Jesus [ __ ] Christ I'm like we
we're in the trenches together in
Theater Camp you know
we didn't mention we should contextually
for any like true nerds out there we I
feel like we christened our friendship
with we're Mark and Maureen in a High
School production of rent yes that's
solidified the glue that was already
there yes that was that was the bond
that's how I describe you to a lot of
people I'm like yeah he was the mark to
my Maureen it explains the whole thing
it explains the whole thing but we will
we will have those moments again right
Olivia's trying to force Roger to move
to LA right now
like done to my head I can't I'm like
you say that now but in a year from now
you're gonna be another little gay boy
in uh West Hollywood so
that's twink
dad
well baby this is just the beginning for
you you were flying this is the
beginning
and what I always say that when I have
enough money uh I will hire Roger as my
official manager and that
when that day comes
that will be the day that our friendship
dies
relationship
oh God this is amazing I mean Roger
thank you so much for coming on the show
today this has been
amazing oh please no thanks for having
me love to the worsties love to the
worsties and just the last final message
is just like
[Laughter]
Oh What a Beautiful trip down uh Memory
Lane that was
um
that sort of reminded me of just how
um
[ __ ] oh God I can feel it I can feel the
emotions ah that just sort of reminded
me of how um like amazing my oh God I'm
getting so emotional right now
um
this is super gay
oh God this is gonna be so annoying when
people when this episode comes out and
then people are like oh my God you cried
um New York has been like an amazing
experience the past year Roger a huge
part of that um and I know I talked uh
in the intro about like uh how I love I
wanna Irish goodbye because uh I don't
want to deal with emotions
um but going to New York from Boston was
kind of like an easier
um hike because it's still pretty close
um
thank God I'm not like a super ugly
crier right now because
whoo
[ __ ]
um but you know I'll be in LA and uh
this was something I always knew was
probably going to happen eventually
because I've known since I was a kid
that I would have a very successful
career uh in the in the entertainment
industry and uh I am you know this
especially this past year and it's been
probably since the beginning of covid
but I've I've known that especially this
past year it's been so
um
validated you know
um the fact that like I I'm going to
have a very successful career and my
dreams are coming true which is an
amazing thing but uh when you are doing
stuff like this you also have to
you know kind of
sacrifice being close to like your uh
friends and family
and I have amazing friends in La so I'm
super excited about that
um but yeah it's gonna be a little bit
of an adjustment
also my producer's just like watching me
cry on this [ __ ]
like this recording right now and just
like giggling at the fact that I'm like
anyway
so this is super fun and like a comedy
podcast
um
it's all all good things are happening
it's amazing but uh yeah you know it's
I'm going to miss the East Coast so much
no one gets it no no one outside of like
the East Coast understands but it's just
like I don't know it's just we're so
like attached to it and so the idea of
living across the country is like oh
[ __ ] oh God but it's gonna be it's gonna
be great it's gonna be an amazing uh
experience and yeah
um
yeah this is like uh one of the last uh
recordings that I'm gonna have in in New
York so
I uh
I I really loved kind of just reliving
all of the crazy stuff that we've gone
through this past year
um Roger and I and and Olivia and I and
just like all of uh the things that have
happened
this past year so many crazy things and
sometimes when I'm I I spend too much
time at home
and uh
I'm not doing anything you know I'm just
kind of working I'm kind of like God I'm
so [ __ ] bored like I just waste so
much time just like you know thinking of
new ideas and like not doing things and
then you know and then we do a recap of
all of the crazy stuff just in New York
too those were just the things that
happened in New York you know
um not even like Vegas or la like those
were the New York specific things like
it's just been a [ __ ] awesome year
and uh so now I'm going to stop being a
[ __ ] loser
um
and uh just you know [ __ ]
chubbing
a nerd this is super dumb whatever no I
didn't even I didn't cry that was my
acting
oh okay well uh thank you so much for
being a part of this experience because
you guys have actively been a part of
this journey for me
um I get messages all the time from the
worsties being like it's been really fun
watching your career take off since I
started following you and I'm like wow
yeah that's puts things into perspective
um and I I get told all the time by my
other Creator friends
um how amazing my my fan base is because
you guys are super supportive
um and I really appreciate that
so I feel like I'm giving a like I have
[ __ ] terminal cancer and I'm saying
my
good my final goodbyes before I kick the
bucket Jesus Christ all right well
anyway thank you I will be alive and on
the other side of the country
everything's fine
thank you for tuning in today uh and I
will I will see you next week
