hey I heard your grandma's choosing to
end her life uh yeah well she's a 85 and
she has terminal cancer and she just
wanted to go out on her own terms before
she gets too so that's terrible yeah uh
cancer sucks dude no it's it's terrible
that she's choosing to end her life the
options were dying or um dying so so we
were pretty limited with our options
she's going against God's Place uh dying
slowly and painfully part of the plan
because uh honestly not a great plan in
my opinion you'll uh you'll catch me
unsubscribing from that one suffering is
part of the Sacred experience it's part
of his gift right like how every time I
regrettably order Taco Bell and spend
the hours between one to three a.m
hunched over my toilet in fetal position
releasing bodily atrocities capable of
turning my apartment complex into the
aftermath of Pompeii or Chernobyl I just
gotta remind myself that this is part of
God's plan God wanted me to turn my
bathroom into ground zero he bestowed
food poisoning onto me as a blessing the
third degree burn on my is
sacred and I should be grateful for it I
wonder what other suffering was part of
God's plan because there are some big
ones like when the first plane hit was
he like another one thank you you know I
guess when you think about it the
Taliban wasn't really to blame at all
because it was all okay and hey you said
it it's it's all part of the experience
right this is all part of his plan and
I'm just trying to understand so help me
out here so in the 1940s
