hot people
[Music]
hello worsties on today's episode of
what fresh hell is this my dear friend
John Kung is going to be on today's
episode we are going to talk about the
importance of knowing how to cook as an
adult we're gonna talk about how 30 is
the new 20. we're gonna talk about Satan
and if you don't know how to cook at
this point in your life how about you
grow up all right let's get into it
[Music]
hello and welcome to today's episode of
what fresh hell is this
I uh I'm excited about today's episode
John Kong who is like a really talented
Chef they are also a really successful
content creator and started uh creating
content during the pandemic doing a lot
of cooking videos and also offering up
some great advice on just kind of like
the Artistry behind cooking and also
different cultural things and and and
manners and and just advice not only on
how to cook but also how to enjoy a meal
different like ways of like appreciating
meals and just offering like New
Perspectives that have certainly helped
me in in my life when I'm cooking for
other people and I carry a lot of their
advice with me and if you don't know who
John is definitely check out their
content but I'm super excited to welcome
to the show John Kong
Sean thank you so much for coming on the
show today oh thank you for having me
of course um first of all you look great
I'm loving this sweater
thank you and I was just about to say
I'm loving yours as well thank you
Hannah song Hannah song designs
um who's a mutual friend of uh of John
and how you travel a lot I know you you
said uh earlier um before we started
recording that you this is the first
time you're you're in New York right now
this is the first time you've traveled
in the new year but you travel quite a
bit don't you
last year I I want to say I spent like
half of the year like somewhere else and
not home and that wasn't too hard
because like I was in the middle of like
constructing my home so I didn't want to
like live in a construction zone but I
always had like a place to stay either
in New York or in LA and how I can like
not leave Detroit while doing it but to
do that I had to get some perspective so
yeah because that's your your home base
like you are yeah one of my more
um I guess how should I say this like
put together friends
no no you're still young John no you're
in the prime you're in your Prime right
now and like the the prime is basically
just every time I reach a new age
bracket that's gonna be the new Prime in
my eyes because I don't want to
acknowledge the fact that uh
I'm getting older
um
no but like you're not give it give it a
little less than three years yeah like
yeah wait wait what three days it's a
little less three years three years I
have like three years I was like oh yeah
three days so
it is so funny like as a person who had
been 30 for for a minute and I'm like
like on my way out but I have to say
it's really fun to watch
um all these kids on Tick Tock like
freak out over like turning 30 which I
never understood that because I was like
I can't wait to be 30. like I see all my
friends who are in their 30s it's like
they have they have energy of their 20s
but they also had disposable income
whereas like I was broke as hell with so
much energy like I want to do all the
things
but I guess that just means work because
that's all I could do
um 30 is awesome in the sense that like
you have not yet I told this to my
friend who just turned it last year like
you have not yet begun
to not give a [ __ ] like 30 is this
magical thing where it's like make sure
obviously to do this you have to have
actually lived in your 20s because
you're still young enough to heal from
your 20s but in your 30s you should have
already done most of it and so like you
can just stay home
you know you you you already know the
fact that like yeah I could go to this
after party but nothing good actually
happens after like 2 A.M like it's it's
not gonna be that we're gonna be zombie
we're gonna come out looking like Crypt
keepers at five o'clock in the morning
maybe tweaking a little bit and
regretting it for the next two days so
you don't do that you just go and have
fun and that's what 30 is it's like and
you're still keeping it just slightly a
little bit tight so I think I used to be
uh like a lot more afraid of uh my 30s
but now I have a lot of um
older friends not old friends older
rights older friends who are in their
30s and 40s but you also have like money
and stuff all of that anxiety all that
age anxiety
like gone and I can feel it too I can
feel as I'm getting older I'm just
getting better I'm like my Skin's better
like I look better than I ever did
before I'm like and I have more money
than I ever did before and yes I healed
I like healed from my childhood crazy
right yeah no I feel like your skin
actually like starts to calm down in
your 30s like 20s you're you're still
like people I feel like you are still
like adults I know you're not
technically you're like supposedly a
fully adult full adult by 18 but like
you're not people still just like are
still figuring out their bodies
trying to convince us all he's like no
you are a full-fledged adult right now
you are
looking on his watch he's looking at his
watch while doing it
boom now
will you go out to dinner with me now
Siri just came on blow out blow out the
uh the candles baby let's get out of
here yeah
um but no I I I agree I think you full I
think what you stop growing I think
fully at like 25 or something I don't
even know mentally
mentally you're you know you're not
there for a while
yeah mentally you should keep going
like I don't know like coming out of
college and stuff and then like you know
having to kind of work your way up the
the career ladder and like
it like I I only had money like like
this is the first year that I've like
this past year it's like this is the
first year that I've had money like real
money yeah
no I mean like I I totally know what you
mean because like once I started doing
this
like I have caught myself I think I
remember like the first time that I
actually like paid for dinner
without counting on my head and it
wasn't like anything but it was probably
like it was still like a chain
restaurant somewhere it was probably
like oh no it was Gus's Fried Chicken it
was Gus's Fried Chicken because they're
they're it's good fried chicken but it
is more on the expensive seven it's
worth it and I remember like just
putting my credit card down and then I
picked up my fried chicken and I was
like huh
I didn't think of whether or not like I
could actually like afford this like I
just this I just knew that I had I was
able to buy this fried chicken and I was
like I just kind of like was shocked for
a minute it's a very very different yeah
it's a very different sensation yeah
being able to like
put money down on something and not have
to like do the the math in your head
about whether or not you can afford it
having to constantly look at your bank
account I think my 30s are going to be
the the the best Arc
but you obviously are an amazing chef
and now you are a content creator also
so when did that when did you start
doing content and also like what do you
kind of what do you see yourself doing
in the future
yeah so it was pretty easy for me to
like get onto or like take on content
creation as a thing because I started
during the pandemic like literally like
once once quarantine started I wasn't
allowed to cook for anyone like anymore
and so I was out of a job and my which
just also happened to like be my entire
identity so I just uh just real quick
what were you doing before that like
where were you were you working at a
restaurant I was working I was working
in restaurants I had my own place that
was like I did private dinners as well
as like themed ticketed dinners and if
you like knew about me in the city then
I would like have an email list that I
sent to people like hey if this is the
menu for like this month's worth of
programming and people would buy tickets
to these dinners it was very um yeah it
was like an underground Supper Club but
I also worked at like my friends
restaurants
one of them was like an American
Southern Restaurant and the other one
was a like high-end Gastropub and so
once the pandemic hit obviously I wasn't
allowed even though like I was serving
in a secret illegal restaurant I was
like well I'm not going to be like that
illegal because people are gonna die
here so just a little shut it all down
and uh I shut it all down and I was like
well
the world's ending
people are stuck at home without
anything to do
um and we were still like not allowed to
go to grocery stores yet so we didn't
really know like food and stuff so I was
like okay so
I'm going to make some tick tocks
showing people how to
make a frittata out of like the rotting
things in their fridge
um and how to stretch a can of beans in
for like a week or how to take one whole
chicken and make like a whole bunch of
things with it and that was kind of like
my uh because we all had like our
awkward phases like our awkward cringy
first few videos that we made that are
off that I keep on mine are still on
them uh mine are still up there every
time I get a notification that some
weirdo has scrolled to the bottom of my
page I'm like oh first video [ __ ] you
don't remind me of that oh how dare you
I'm like the way back there
and that's at this point that's like
three or four years worth of content
that you're scrolling all the way back
like yeah that's it's a little sick it
is it makes you yeah it literally makes
me all throw up
right but now I have a disgusting person
for doing that to me yeah that's
terrible I think Tick Tock shows you
when they like it but I don't think
people like will bother commenting on
those videos anymore hopefully what was
your first there's your like content
like
um the very first and it's private now
you can't [ __ ] find this video so
don't if any of you like
you're not it's gone it's gone
um it was me putting on clown makeup and
then like sorry
I just
[Laughter]
you need you
I don't I don't know you need to bring
that video back
yeah it was just like you need to do
that
I don't you should do it again with uh
the clown makeup except the music the
backing music should be that uh Miss
Piggy is singing that uh the one that
they have is that me me too for you yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
then it will be art
yeah yeah yeah
we will be right back
[Music]
welcome back
you're in New York a lot on business you
know I've seen you I think twice three
uh twice I think oh no three times since
since I've lived in New York yeah
um you were like one of the first people
that I met
um offline I think you were like the
second person that I met offline
um which was like
super awesome but yeah every every time
you've come to New York I've been able
to see you and uh you're always super
busy because you're doing
um uh amazing things can you talk about
some of the things that you're doing I
don't know what's yeah yeah I cannot
talk about
since last year I had
like this is the year where all of the
stuff that I had been working on
um is starting to finally come out like
uh I think it was just last week uh I
haven't I released some spice blends
with burlap and Barrel I had been
working on those recipes since like last
August uh just like three spice Blends
like based off of like recipes things
that I think would just taste and smell
really good in the kitchen and my book
comes out is supposed to come out in
October
um and that I had been working on for
the past year and it's wild book writing
is
is hard
writing a book was hard especially if
you've never written professionally
before in your life and I'm just like oh
a book is I guess in my future so uh my
book people they're all in New York and
in La we talk about we we go through
like production meetings in La for like
potential TV projects all the time so
that's super exciting yeah but you know
even if it's like you know even if it's
like a rejection or uh or you're just
not right for this thing that they're
thinking of like a lot of times these
people just like keep you in mind
um for like other things and I feel like
you would be such a great like
personality for a show because you just
have that like I don't know you got a
little bit of edge to you right I know a
lot of like one of those things food
people
they're ready
I'm tired old chefs
I want
a queen of a chef
it's like one of the things that I that
I I had quit smoking at this point for
like over probably 15 years but like one
of the things that I just
miss about having a cigarette or or
smoking actual cigarettes it was like it
was it's really hard to express how
tired you feel when you don't have one
foreign
like even if I do this like wouldn't
this be so much better with just a
little thing at the end of these two
fingers like it's just like it's such a
tool of communication for me you need
one of those candies exactly yeah
exactly just a little just carry those
around nice branding still on it just uh
then you crunch on it it's like
breadstick perhaps Yeah just something
to take the edge off yeah
you saw something oh yeah of course yeah
get a little Char on it absolutely
that's I uh it is really
um exciting to see how you've grown
um and I I admit I absolutely listen to
a lot of your like advice on like your
uh cooking videos
um I started washing my rice because of
you like I wash my rice I do that and uh
you had video recently where you were
talking about
um
how when you were cooking for someone
the best thing that you that you the
person who is receiving the meal can do
is like eat it right away
yes yes because your taste buds don't
react the same when it's it's all this I
mean if you're if you're cooking for
someone the best thing that they can do
is like not wait because like when
you're bringing it out that's like the
best that the food is gonna taste or
like maybe like the two minutes after
it's had time to cool simply because
like you know
when I grew up I always had to we always
had to sit at the table and like wait
for my dad to sit down and like he eats
first and it's a very like it was I
think it's pretty traditional Chinese
thing but like after
growing up and being a cook and like
watching people just like sit and wait
and watching the food get cold like I
realized like ah this is like the rudest
thing to do for the person that did the
most amount of work to make this dinner
happen
so like I just needed to get that out
there where it's like if you respect the
cook and if the if if who you want to be
respecting the most is the person that's
cooking the food you should just eat it
right away because that person the
person who's cooking is not hungry
they've been nibbling the whole time all
the way through and like they want you
to taste it as the best that it can be
they don't want you to like be like oh
this is this is okay when it was 10
minutes ago excellent because it's it
it's kind of like it's nerve-wracking to
to watch people not eat their food after
you give it to them that was uh
something I because I cook a lot
um I I really enjoy cooking and baking
and I had
um a couple of friends over the other
day and they were like waiting for me
and I was like I'm not
hungry right now I'm like I'm not hungry
so just eat because my friend John said
that you have to eat right now so just
do it I do that like all the time I'm
like my friend John in this cooking
video said
I like literally I BR like I bring you
up all the time because I'm like my
friend John said that you have to do
this okay when I cook for you and um I I
feel like you have a lot of interesting
perspectives when it comes to like
cooking and eating and stuff that I I
think it's so valuable and I feel like
it's like really
um it's always like new stuff that I've
never even thought about before so then
I have just like Like A New Perspective
and new knowledge about cooking and and
whatnot and I I love that
thank you so much I mean I think it
probably just comes from living a life
of doing this as a job for your entire
life and so like you care about it and
you have the time to like mull over the
things that people just
kind of overthink or like oh yeah it's
just eating it's like no it's people
eating is a skill just like anything
else like knowing how to eat knowing
what to order and stuff like that that
is all stuff that like you need to learn
and that people take for granted because
that's like every dinner is an
experience whether or not it's just for
fuel or just for or or also for
entertainment like it it matters
a lot of my friends don't cook which is
I mean yeah like I I guess in in the in
the day and age where you can kind of
just like have food anything basically
just like delivered to your door
um in like 20 minutes you don't have to
um I don't love doing delivery because I
get this weird like ordering food
going on ubereats and ordering food
gives me the same feeling of post-nut
clarity where I just feel like really
guilty and ashamed and kind of want to
die like like it felt really good as I
was playing
I feel I always like the only time I
really order food is like when I'm stuck
in a hotel and I like don't want to give
the hotel all the money for room service
because I feel like everything is
overpriced here and none of none of them
like offer Sushi do you eat sushi
I'm trying really hard to get into Sushi
I feel like you're gonna have to go to
L.A I I feel like I haven't had sushi
yet that's been like I also think that I
haven't been to a good sushi place yet
like I feel like every time that we go
out to a sushi place and they're kind of
just like yeah this is kind of just like
a whatever sushi place I'm like well
stop taking me to whatever sushi places
and take me to a good place God damn it
well the thing is like the good places
are super expensive so like generally if
you're gonna I'm ready I feel like it's
like levels it's like okay you have to
be able to enjoy yourself at a whatever
sushi place before your friends will
like invest that time and money into
like bringing you to like a really nice
sushi place because like on a lot of the
really nice ones you don't get to choose
like they they go for like the Omakase
says where like you don't the chef
chooses what you get to eat and so like
if you're like uh I'm not really into
this like I think it might be a little
offensive so like the really good ones
like those are the ones like you should
already like sushi before you go there
then I need like a like a middle ground
I need a middle ground sushi place where
people are like sugar fish well that's a
good I'll keep that in mind I don't
dislike it it's just like I would never
actively like choose it because I
haven't had an experience where I've
been like wow this is crazy I love this
my baby sister loves it loves Sushi and
they they like they have they're like
they're going broke because she's just
like yeah I want like eating it all the
time yeah they're like God damn it so
and so it's like um
I've had things that I do not like and
that is not one of them it's just not oh
my God I know what we should cook
oh what sorry I just had the thought
remember when I was like Hey I want to
do a collaboration video
like way back when and that I remember
yeah yeah
we both wrote scripts and then you knit
and you were like oh yeah I'm just sort
of busy right now and then you and then
it never you never again
laughs
I was like because I wanted to cook
because like I wanted to do this oh this
would be a great way to introduce
um the the ingredients seitan because
you were still doing your Satan content
back then and I was like oh a vegan stir
fry with Satan and like we could still
do that we could I I haven't I haven't
stopped doing the Heaven and Hell videos
it's just not as like frequent
um because I I like to
I I try not to if I don't have an idea
for it I try not to force it even if
people are like really wanted because I
just like then I feel like I'm just like
I'm not even inspired by this just like
whatever but yeah no that that one that
is what we would cook I've actually
never had it
um so it's kind of like a it's like a
like a meat alternative
ish like is it like people use it for me
like it's
it's literally just gluten
cool it's like straight up it's straight
up gluten gluten is like and people like
freak out when they hear it and I was
like well gluten's just like the protein
in flour that's all it is there's flour
there's starch which is all the
carbohydrates in in bread and then there
is gluten which is the protein it's what
makes it chewy it's what makes it
stretchy and so what people do to make
it is they take dough before it's been
baked and they literally wash all the
starch off and then they're left with
this kind of like chewy ball of vegan
protein sorry celiacs yeah yeah right
and then they fry it and it's fried
deliciously and they had stir-fried and
stuff like that of course like obviously
people who can't eat it can't eat it but
people who can like it's it's a vegan
source of protein and like Chinese
people have been eating it for like
probably thousands of years I think we
have to say thousands of years at this
point so it's been thousands thousands
of years yeah it's been a thousands that
um I've seen people cook with it before
I've obviously seen like you do videos
about it and I've seen other people
um use it I've never had it but
definitely something that I would have
since it's like a vegan like alternative
to whatever
um and I feel like people can get pretty
free it also sounds like Satan so it's
like ooh we're getting a little
getting a little spooky right getting a
little sinful you might not be doing
those videos as much anymore but you
still have like the Satan branding on
lock on Tick Tock oh yeah absolutely so
you know whenever you decide that you uh
want to work with me uh after I guess oh
it looks like it's like two years I
guess maybe three perhaps it hasn't
fizzled yet it's just it's still it's no
we're still starkers I'm like no our
content collaboration no
um so but this is a good place to ask um
my final question for you which is
they say that's the uh the key to a
man's heart is uh through his stomach
right
but what if the same rule applied to the
Gates of Heaven
so you're at the Gates of Heaven what
food are you preparing for God that'll
get you a place in heaven
oh it would probably be
what that's it
that's a good question
um I would probably say like
something like super quintessentially
like
Chinese like like uh like a wonton
noodle soup because it's like super
comforting and like super like
just like everybody loves noodles and
everybody loves dumplings and wants a
noodle soup is like just the combination
of both and if God is like well I don't
like that and I'll be like well this is
like my cultural heritage dish and I
find it problematic that you won't even
try any and you should totally just like
at least have some and if they say you
don't like it everyone's like well that
sounds that kind of sounds like a you
problem you should just let me in anyway
and we're just gonna forget this whole
thing ever happened you could just try
showing chest also
oh
that's actually a great answer that's
actually a great answer
um and I like that you went the
instead of doing something like crazy
elaborate like the Comfort route
because Comfort meals are just so
comforting
but like that's the best like comfort
food is the best just makes you feel so
good I think I think that you would uh
give
God this wonton noodle soup and he would
have that like Ratatouille moment
for the well he's just [ __ ] weirdo
Nosferatu guy
eats the Ratatouille and then he just is
like my childhood and my mother who
prepared this for me I would say I was
like is the food better in heaven anyway
like is don't they just do spicy food in
hell like is the food better in heaven
concerned the fact that like who who who
kind of like wrote it
if if God wouldn't accept your delicious
soup
like you don't want to be there anyway
that's what is my is my opinion on that
yeah I also feel like anyone that would
be eligible to go to heaven just based
on
you know based on what what I for what I
hear from others right because I I
didn't read the Bible everyone up there
just seems like a huge [ __ ] [ __ ]
I'm not overly impressed with uh with
the uh the guest list that is supposedly
up there people are like oh like you
know like when someone's Uncle dies
someone's Aunt dies or grandma or
something they're like oh she's
she's in heaven like her
yeah and I feel like if it is the best
that y'all can do like Chick-fil-A up
there
yeah that's that's
you walk through heaven and it's just
someone it's just a [ __ ] like
Chick-fil-A cash register
they're still closed on Sundays in
heaven yeah
like uh Hey welcome to Heaven Can I can
I get some uh can I get some waffle
fries our pleasure our pleasure
oh
gross yeah I had I I went to a
Chick-fil-A once and uh it felt like a
cult
and the guy who who's who took my order
was like
this was like years ago the guy who took
my order looked like a I say years ago
just so someone doesn't go oh
Chick-fil-A I don't support them I would
never go again and I actually don't
think it's that good so shut the [ __ ] up
all right all right I've done a lot
worse things you guys I've done a lot
worse things but I I I would never go to
Chick-fil-A again but the one time that
I did the guy that took my order he
looked like he used to be a priest
and this was or like maybe he still was
and this was his side [ __ ] job or
whatever
um and he was like
because they don't say they don't say
like you're welcome they say my pleasure
and so as I was as I like got my order
he was he was like
um you know thank you so much for coming
for coming in stonzy like he said my
name and I was like no no no no never
again I was like this is it felt like
Scientology it felt like walking into a
place and they're like why are you stay
for a while I'm like I gotta get the
[ __ ] out of here and then I didn't even
like the food boo Chick-fil-A bad uh uh
uh [ __ ] uh uh hateful Christians that's
the point and and uh try cooking more
that's the moral of today's episode
and [ __ ] people who can't eat gluten
that's the other thing yeah great wow
wow
good episode right we got a lot covered
amazing we didn't even cover the fact
that like we were both doxed together
I just realized that I was like
to talk about yeah we'll have to save
that for the next one oh yeah though I
like that I like leaving this off on uh
just read that whole thing that would
have been hilarious and by the way
on on the next shot next time right a
little Cliffhanger I love that
um thank you so much for for coming on
the show today John this was very
enlightening insightful and fun so thank
you thank you so much for having me
well that was just lovely I love that
like every person that I have on the uh
the show like also has ADHD so it's just
us being like
I just black out every time I open my
mouth and I'm like I hope I said
something good I hope there was some
sort of like gold in there I hope this
was usable like especially now that I
have like other people on it's just like
rampant just ADHD like just go like
[ __ ] crazy but uh
John was definitely on the Tamer side of
uh some of my more recent guests but uh
thank you so much John for being on the
show definitely check out their content
if you haven't seen it and
learn how to cook God damn it anyway
thank you for uh tuning in and uh and
and go find John's uh John's book and
follow them on social media
thank you for tuning in today and I uh
we'll see you next week thank you
