um Satan yesterday should I clear your
schedule for the day who died Carolyn
Brian can it tell lady died and Tucker
Carlson caught fire this week and Steven
Crowder's getting divorced did I suck
someone important and like forget about
it why am I being rewarded so I couldn't
tell you I am hyped now I have been
waiting for this one how hard are you
trying to go today harder than if I OD'd
on Viagra the next thing I'm about to
say is gonna sound insane but I honestly
love beating the shovel people
it's even better when I have a
legitimate excuse because they were a
scumbag in their Immortal Life okay
great um would you like me to prepare
anything special I want to throw a rager
okay special torture weapons absinthe
ketamine Plan B wow it is honestly so
refreshing to see you so excited and not
wanting to like kill yourself well when
bad things happen to bad people I am
fully erect hello hey heard you're
turning up tonight I want in hell yeah
you wanna come downstairs and beat up an
old races with me yeah we're turning
hell into an abusive nursing home
tonight yeah it's just been one of those
weeks you know what I mean retrograde am
I right ladies Tucker Carlson has been
like job hunting on indeed all week and
I had to buy noise canceling headphones
to drown out the sounds of Stephen
Crowder viciously weeping there's a real
loud Earth Crowder is the sounds of him
sobbing into his pillow Amen brother
