your skin is gonna look so nice over
mine wait are you a girl
um yeah wait shut up that is so slay of
you that yes girl boss yes Queen oh my
God thank you no one's ever said that to
me no no like I like I get it like I
understand how much like a male
dominated industry serial killing is so
like I I literally stand no no like
literally like I hear people talking
about the murders I commit and they're
like we gotta catch this guy and I'm
like I love that was their first mistake
like yes she can women can pre-meditate
murder too like hello she meditated
murdered her yes like you need a Netflix
document it's like do I want the dog and
like go to jail or do I want to get away
with it but also not get credit Ah
that's the problem well no I don't want
to kill you because like I love girl
supporting girls me too but like you
deserve to murder Queen it will say
though if you do decide to let me go I
won't nark on you I'll be like yeah it
was a girl it was a lady killer okay and
she was super scary and talented and his
literally so sweet of you I appreciate
that so much of course like I'm a girls
girl I am happy oh thank you like you're
totally free to go oh thank you Queen
and seriously your skin would look
amazing over a lampshade like what is
your routine girl you were so cute no
it's literally like baby oil moisturizer
shut up that's it yeah literally oh my
God wait what's yes
