ever since my brain injury everyone
sounds like a dubbed anime character and
no one's been able to help me there must
be something you can do maybe if you
weren't such an amateur patient you'd be
healed by now that mean aren't there
like surgeries or medications
have you tried using the power of
friendship oh good thinking doctor as if
that loser has any friends in the first
place right he probably doesn't have a
single friend he'll be stuck like this
forever my neurologist I don't think you
should be saying that that's right we
need to help him defeat the evil Green
Engine you have to keep fighting just
like me Armin and mikusa it's the only
way we'll defeat the Titans and your
traumatic brain injury listen to those
Jaeger kid you have to keep fighting and
finding the strengths within to overcome
this obstacle the only thing holding you
back is yourself no I I don't think so I
had a traumatic brain injury those are
the kind of excuses amateur patients use
the ICU is full of them they wouldn't be
so sick if they just believed in
themselves don't give up and
yeah and we'll help you along the way
on the way all right I'm prescribing you
600 milligrams of friendship and
believing in yourself good call Doctor
it's time to start your training armor
