you can't finish the task in 30 minutes
the rumble filled with poisonous gas and
you'll die a slow and painful so I
either have to cut off my foot or be
poisoned to death uh okay
[ __ ] I am buying myself a first class
ticket to hell I am sailing down the
river of sticks I am welcoming the big
sleep no you can't I mean what are you
gonna do kill me
it's a good pretty terrible options even
if I survive it's like oh great there's
some trauma I got a tree that's a hefty
bill you know not gonna be the same
person after that experience there's a
fun little bio for my Tinder feet are
one out of two but my personality is a
10 out of 10. what if the love of my
life is out there and he's got a thing
for feet he doesn't want me that's only
half the fun hey I get it I mean I
imagine I'm not your first I mean do
people really try to survive this thing
you know in this economy I'll be dancing
no I don't know what to do I can't let
you leave obviously but also I'm not
gonna you know what you take yourself
out cause I'll just defeat the purpose I
don't know I don't know if you watched
like anything good recently in order to
complete the task he must cut off your
hand or else the chains around your neck
will become so tight and choked to death
oh wow
let's just say I knew a guy who prepped
me good for this one oh you said what uh
breath control I assumed you were
familiar this is torture this should be
torture I don't know what they say one
man's pain is another stronger man's
pleasure me just now this is getting
ridiculous
we haven't even unpacked this yet I'm
assuming you're getting some sort of
gratification or something well then I
was not your Target demographic I mean
where are you typically looking for
victims there's a Blockbuster Video in
my town a Blockbuster Video yeah what
kind of monsters are frequenting a
Blockbuster Video these days
unbelievable well I'll help you find
some better spots okay go to like uh
like a Trader Joe's they have the will
to live what are you doing grab a pen oh
my God help me to help you if you can't
finish the test in 30 minutes the
ceiling will open up in thousands of
razor blades will shoot down you want me
to take a whole leg off okay that's a
pretty hefty half hour ass and I have
thick thighs like that's a that's a
pretty a lengthy task like I'll probably
need a break or two and I'll probably
bleed out anyway unless you got a
tourniquet you know how to use a
tourniquet because you're asking me to
choose between death and death at this
point like a whole leg is is accessible
two toes no three no one foot final
offer no I'd rather just take myself out
at this point
no one has the will to live these days
everyone's Hanging On by a thread if my
shirt gets caught on a door handle I
start spiraling so this this is more
than enough whatever whatever this never
works Jesus I like the razor blade
ceiling though it brings me back to my
email days don't waste your time Mommy
you're already the voice inside my yard
listen
I miss MTV
complete the task in 30 minutes the belt
around you will electrocute you want me
to pluck my eyes out in 30 minutes so
you're asking me for free labor are you
not ashamed how dare you ask me to work
for free is there no cash incentives
well then I'm not lifting a goddamn
thing you will die otherwise fine who
cares I'll die for fair wages sure also
no eyes pass I need to be able to like
bat my little eyes at an expensive
looking gentleman at a bar without
looking like the mother from [ __ ]
Coraline also I talked to Stephanie and
the others and they all agree that 30
minutes is not enough for these tasks
maybe we are maybe we are not a bad idea
I do want to live do I want to live
without eyes absolutely not do I want to
be walking down the street and have
people be like hey look over there it's
no wise Nancy stumbling over a traffic
cone cause she's got no why she can't
we're dealing with that people talk like
that your mom's house seriously Killer's
mom has got it going on she's um
you have to decide what you want to eat
the person who can decide first lives
the other dies if neither of you can
decide you both okay easy enough
um I well like what are you I'm good
with whatever you want like a type of
food that you want okay with anything
you don't like have any crazy I've never
craved anything in my entire life I'm
I'm like up for anything so I seriously
your wives are on the line and you can't
even make this decision what do you want
yeah what do you want
one
two
three okay you have to say what you want
how old are you okay one two three
Mexican wait that means we all just said
it at the same time so we all win this
round nice son of a [ __ ] you can't
complete the task in 30 minutes
you think I'm gonna listen to the likes
of you because of a little fire let me
tell you something pal I'm from New York
nothing scares me I think your fancy
little torture chamber is gonna scare me
you think your little mask is gonna
spook me not a chance pal what are you a
fruit
all right big boy let's see what you got
one dumb [ __ ]
[ __ ]
from the Oscars for 10 years over a slap
people were like oh my God I'm
traumatized I'm like getting your dirty
sweetheart get a grip already every day
I get slapped across the face in New
York the [ __ ] are you doing that you're
getting slapped across the face
streets in New York they were directed
by Quentin Tarantino all right you know
what [ __ ] it let's get some ziti in here
I'm [ __ ] starving you have 30 minutes
to remove both of your feet without
machete or else you'll be cutting her my
therapist told me to stop saying yes to
everyone so I will not be participating
in this activity respectfully aren't you
just doing exactly what your therapist
told you to do in a way this isn't even
your decision it's your therapist okay I
I see what you mean ah jeez okay uh I
just feel like I don't really have a
strong sense of identity and but maybe
not having feet will will give me some
New Perspective so I will I I will I
will cut my phone off no this is a test
this is you were my therapist Diane you
are so tricky uh the answer is no I do
not know
really okay that's a goddamn therapist
you mad at me don't be mad I'm sorry no
I'm not no look okay yay yay good job
you did it you can leave now you passed
away thank you Diane why did I even do
that
people please
sir you have 30 minutes to remove all of
your teeth or else you'll be
electrocuted to death I don't know about
that one you just call my mom real quick
I thought he took your phone already she
gave me another one
hello Mom yeah this guy kidnapped me and
he wants me to take all my teeth out
what should I uh-huh
okay uh-huh yeah okay okay uh she said
she wants to talk to you what no I'm
putting her on speaker hello could you
connect my baby I'll have you know
there's a tracking device on this phone
and I know exactly where you want I'll
be there in 20 if you don't let my baby
go right now we already missed our
afternoon and evening FaceTime you're
messing with Mama Bear right now honey
hell half no fury like an angry mother
we are the daughters of the witches oh
my God Jesus Christ okay thanks Mom I'll
call you back
uh okay no uh okay so I I have uh I have
a severe ADHD and uh the idea of having
to complete a task in a short period of
time has me a little concerned that's
what you're concerned about I've seen
the way the story answering you know you
give me the assignment I start doing it
but then all of a sudden I notice how
dirty this room is so then I start
cleaning I start reorganizing and by the
time my 30 minutes is up I still got two
feet in a spotless torture
well I gotta do something the task do
the time anything severely mentally ill
are you talking to someone about this uh
yes uh my therapist Diane
does she have like a monopoly over this
County or something she's an incredibly
powerful undetermined woman my God damn
it well I can't kill a patient of Diane
it'll just ruin her psyche unless you
know affect my mental health so just go
I mean I I can I can come back with an
Adderall prescription no it wouldn't be
the same
I have 30 minutes to remove all of your
fingernails or else you'll be cut in
half by it drives cut in half not like
it matters anyway my parents probably
don't even care where I am right now um
mom's too busy drinking to care about
her weirdo daughter that couldn't be a
popular cheerleader like that
Dad's too busy cheating on her trying to
start a new family he probably doesn't
even remember my name not once did I
inquire about your personal yeah no one
ever does because no one loves me go
ahead and cut me in half okay it's
nothing compared to the pain of being a
mistake I'm nothing more than a tool to
fix my parents broken marriage
and then one day when you have the will
to live then I'll kill you wow you're
right you're just a weirdo like me thank
you by any chance are you single get out
of here I am never ready
you have 30 minutes cut on your time or
else the room will fill with angry wasps
hello I'm sorry uh uh can you can you
repeat what you just said 30 minutes to
cut out your tongue or else the room
will fill with angry wasps
I have 30 minutes to uh cut wasps with
my tongues hello hello Earth
is anyone in there what is wrong with
you okay I just got off a 30 hour shift
because my manager went to a music
festival instead of work and threatened
to ruin my life if I told corporate so
what
I would love to be transferred to your
supervisor that would be great thank you
so much in a 40-minute storm on your
scalp worlds he'll be dropped into a
pool full of somebody if you were like
taking a second to think about the space
that you're taking up as a man in the
serial killer industry I'm sorry you're
taking opportunities away from female
Killers
easy for you to say I bet you're well on
your way to a Netflix special
meanwhile there are women out there who
are brutally killing and not getting the
recognition they deserve because they're
girls all they know is makeup and period
and make baby could never premeditate a
murder you're only mad about me killing
because I'm not you got that right pal I
mean if murder is gonna happen anyway
might as well be a woman doing it
why because I'm a woman
this is the man releasing a victim just
to prove he's not a misogynist have fun
committing more boring murders about
your Dateline special be a real snooze
Fest
