forgive me Father for I have sinned may
the Lord help you to confess your sins
may he indeed
so I've been watching some non-family
friendly videos
already off to a bad start but but how
how bad is it if those videos involve
siblings is there like a point system
for how bad sinful behavior is like like
where like where does that where where
would that land me and and don't get me
wrong I mean they're they're not
actually related right they're they're
actors they're they're playing roles and
and even the roles I mean the characters
they're not technically they're not
actually related they're they're step
siblings right and so sometimes they are
half some but only have never never full
Never full and so so that's it's
objectively not as bad right like how
how bad is that really like when you
think about it like Step Brothers just
helping step sis out because she was
stuck in the laundry machine right he he
saved her so he's he's a hero when you
think about it and and so he should be
rewarded for his good deeds and
near-death experiences I mean they make
emotions heightened
um and and now they're trauma bonded by
this experience so it makes sense that
they would then you know and I mean and
like I've never I've never thought about
my siblings right like that you boo
gross bad and I mean like Adam and Eve
they were siblings right so I guess when
you think about it like the origin of
incest fetish was the Bible all along so
therefore I am following the word of the
Lord in a way wow okay yeah no I I've
this was helpful I have a lot of clarity
um thank you Father God bless
