hi people
hello and welcome to today's episode of
what fresh hell is this today we are
going to be talking to my good friend
Don Nash about doxing swatting have you
ever thought about starting a cult we
got great tips to get you started and
hello to the FBI who is certainly
listening to this episode let's go
foreign
[Applause]
hello and welcome to what fresh hell is
this with me Stanzi betenza how you guys
doing
I am
just a mess I I like I have so much [ __ ]
that I have to get done
I I don't know what it is I'm like
Ritalin
it's not working I need more I need
something stronger because I am not
getting any of the work done that I need
to she did up my my psychiatrist did up
my dose recently and uh today I did
complete like three tasks that really
needed to get done like like severely
like really needed to get done and I was
very proud myself for doing that while
we were trying to record this uh get
these podcasts sort of settled I've been
just putting everything off they're like
hey can you just give us people we have
we have to have people on the show you
need to tell us who and I was just like
I don't know I have so much things I
need to get done so like very last
minute as you know it was very on brand
for me I just like text like
three of my friends my like two internet
friends and then one like lifelong
friend
um some of you might know who I'm
hinting at if you're like an actual
listener if you're a real fan if you're
a real fan you might know who I'm
talking about
um I'm just like hey you guys uh you
wanna be on a podcast and they're all
like yeah yeah sounds great I'm like
cool uh tomorrow
and then and like I was expecting all of
them to just be like
well I have uh priorities but like all
of them were able to be like within the
next like few days record which is just
like wow
true friendship right that's so that's
so beautiful
men don't always suck right every now
and then they come through
and that's a beautiful thing
um and one of those friends is my friend
donesh uh who you might know as that
Dinesh guy on Tick Tock Instagram I
think he's still banned on Twitter
unfortunately he does uh amazing work he
he takes down some of the most horrible
people that you uh might see on the
internet and he he's also been a victim
of Dr Phil uh victim of uh doxing and
harassment as well uh not a super fun
job and he's also my favorite cult
leader ever and we're gonna get into
that later I promise you so welcome to
the show uh Dinesh
thank you for being on the show today
how are you my pleasure I'm doing well
thank you for having me oh like I'm
excited too but you're you're like you
know you're out there
you know changing lives you know saving
people you know running Cults and
destroying lives
you know
saving and destroying lives but I mean
when you think about it the Avengers did
the same thing they did I mean I used to
create work right I need to yeah there
are people that like died in like the
rubble and the explosions but like they
they caught the bad guys which is which
is similar they say donnish we just want
the name of this person and I go okay
the city is going to be destroyed
we don't you're the just the name
um so you can you tell uh the worsties
kind of like what what it is that you do
online because you are a very specific
type of uh influencer
my platform is strange it's different
yeah I identify people in viral videos
that have like you know harmed other
people like whether it's uh an assault
or recently there was a hit and run
where I identified the guy who did it
and I'm strangely good at finding the
people in the videos and uh I don't even
have a cool origin story so like how I
got good at this or what I did before
this that made me good no nothing like
that at all I just you know I did comedy
for a while and I and maybe the
experience comes from desperately
looking for work so just online all the
time looking for something but I I find
people then in in videos using very
limited information with it's almost
like the way you describe it it's like
it's almost like when you're uh going
through like a newspaper and like the
like job openings and you're like
circling things and you're like oh um
like you know getting terrible people
arrested yeah I could do that you know
it's like a little side gig yeah I mean
I have talked about
um done Ash on the show because I did a
whole episode where I talked about
getting doxed oh yeah and and you were
the person that like helped me the most
throughout like that entire experience
you know way more helpful than uh the
FBI and the police yeah just really
that's that's the sad part that's uh it
was because I had gone through that that
I know and I had people come to me
immediately and be like hey I know what
you're going through uh let me help you
out and it was without them I don't know
like how I would have gotten through it
so uh once I saw that you were dealing
with that I was like oh okay let me just
like I I I can't stop it from happening
unfortunately I can't stop someone from
getting docs or getting stalked or
something but I could at least like you
know try to make you feel not so uh
afraid of it by going like this is there
they can't actually do this this is how
we can report this but yeah API doesn't
give them books that's the hardest part
I was like great super awesome it kind
of it's hard when we have our faces and
names out there
like there's no privacy there's there's
just no privacy and then you try to
explain that to the FBI you're like
you're like hey uh they're putting all
my information out there and and they
just go yeah well you know it's
let us know when someone dies uh give us
a call when you're dead and and we'll
take care of it what the [ __ ] does the I
stand for in FBI like investigate
Federal Bureau of what do your job man
definitely definitely listens to this
podcast because I say crazy things and
they're probably like we have to keep an
eye on this one the thing that
frustrates me is that because I mean I
now we're like in a new like day and age
where like
influencers and content creators exist
and stuff but with that comes like a
whole new territory of like you know
kind of like criminal activity like
legal stickiness and so and if you don't
know exactly what swatting is we have
talked about it on podcast because of my
doxing thing but swatting is when
basically someone calls you know the FBI
or the police or they send information
saying that you are planning on
uh committing like a huge act of
violence uh you know it could be like a
shooting or you plan to like murder
other people
um and then they give the FBI or the
police your information and go go here
if you want to stop them and that's what
happened to me when I yes yes people
have been killed by this because you get
you know you're minding your own
business and then all of a sudden uh the
FBI Police SWAT teams SWAT teams they're
like at your front door and normal
people don't know how to handle a
situation like that so you're gonna have
people that are really anxious or and
then they look like a thread and then
people you know there's a chance that
you get killed you know people uh have
woken up with like guns in their faces
you know of like police officers who who
barge into their homes because they
think that you're a terrorist or that
you're like a murderer and so that
happened to me but not me it was they
were they were saying uh oh active
shooter at my mom's house and so I was
like oh no I was like um so I had to
have her call the police and then like I
had to call the NYPD just in case just
to get ahead of it
um and be like yeah so this is happening
to me but it's so silly to explain to
anyone like yeah I'm on Tick Tock and I
have like like this person really hates
me and is trying to murder me and
they're like why why is anyone trying to
murder you you're probably just doing a
little dance right I'm like no I'm a
comedian super silly
super silly yeah every time anyone gets
a threat on Tick Tock they send it to me
everyone on the app so one thing I
learned is everyone gets threats it's
horrible like every single person gets
it and I really wish there was uh that
would that part of it would stop
um because like too like it's rarely
there's rarely anything you can do about
it the threats have to be so specific
for the police to react to it
um I only ever had one threat where the
FBI actually was like all right we're
gonna follow up but I never heard
anything else about it yeah yeah after
after I was swatted I had the strategy
of like monetizing things that people do
to me so they may stop doing it uh for
example uh when I was accused of being
an occult I made cult merchandise and so
that they're inadvertently
um promoting my merch
um and so and so I always tell people to
monetize people people always say ignore
the haters and I say no no no monetize
it if you can monetize the hatred you
receive right because making money off
of uh other people trying to hurt you or
like I'm like that's great because
they're not going to want to contribute
to that they're gonna be super bitter
about it
we will be right back
oh hey there do you want beautiful hair
with minimal effort
Kitsch feels the same way they upgraded
familiar products into game-changing
Essentials Beauty enthusiasts swear by
from satin pillowcases to time saving
towels kitchenows hair care doesn't stop
in the shower alright
shampoo and conditioner bars yes bars
bottle free beauty baby kit believes you
deserve little indulgences at affordable
prices morning noon and night Kitsch is
offering 30 off your entire order at
mykitch.com stanzy that's right 30 off
anything and everything at my kitchen
spelled
k-i-t-s-c-h.com slash stonzy one more
time for the people in the back
mykitch.com
stanzy for 30 off your order
[Music]
welcome back
so I I got swatted once yeah and well
yeah let's talk about that okay so
in my line of work or in the stupid
videos that I make I piss off a lot of
people especially the people that I you
know are the subject of my video they
get really really mad and it's not just
that like I catch them in the crime and
I turn them in I dig through their lives
and I bring out every embarrassing
detail I can find and I and and I just
make it you know a whole thing uh some
of them turn into like a whole series
because it's just so funny
well um they get you know more and more
mad So eventually someone went and uh
sent a letter to everyone at city
council and literally all the businesses
around here that said uh I'm gonna go
around uh apparently killing all the
minorities in town and in the
in the manifesto it says even though I'm
a minority too I still just don't like
minorities and I think it was Christmas
when uh you know Christmas Eve it was
Christmas Eve uh the morning of so I
wake up and then I'm about to get in the
shower and I get a phone call and they
say uh hey uh I don't know if it was the
police or the FBI uh to be honest it was
one of them but they said uh we we got
your email and your letters and I was
like what email letters like the one
that you sent to town I'm like oh I'm
getting swatted huh and it was quiet and
he said what what do you mean I'm like
did somebody send a Manifesto saying
that I'm going to kill minorities like
yeah that's not me that's not me uh
here's a police report number so uh you
know uh sorry that that happened they go
can we just talk to you outside I'm like
oh sure I was just gonna take a shower
let me know when you're here like no
we're outside I was like oh okay I'll
come outside okay
and so um I I guess I didn't realize
what where in the swatting we actually
were I didn't realize we were in the
like uh
yeah yeah I thought it was like uh you
know hey before we do that just want to
check no no they were ready so I uh I
don't take my shower I I go to go
outside and it's a little cold so I go
hey I'm gonna grab a jacket if that's
okay
and then I hear him go no no problem uh
he's grabbing a jacket I'm like what why
did you yell okay okay so I go get my
jacket like fumbling over and like the
last thing he says well while we're on
the phone he goes
just don't hang up with
and my phone dies
it was the worst like the worst thing
ever happened so I I I opened the door
and no and I stop and I look and I look
outside no one's there no one at all and
and I could see uh the road you know
there's there's cars passing by but no
police or anything so I take one step
outside
nothing happens and the next step all of
a sudden all these cars that were
passing by were actually undercover uh
cops they all turn towards my towards me
do I see cars turned towards me like a
minivan and stuff um and start driving
under my lawn and I'm like what and then
uh there was a people behind the tree in
my lawn people around my house all
coming out the cops all come out from
every direction worst flash mob ever
yeah what song did they sing
something from into the woods those are
amazing
[Laughter]
um but so there's a picture of me
um that uh that I took with the camera
in my house the surveillance camera so
I'm I'm in the middle of the circle of
cops and uh the picture it looks pretty
badass it's me in a trench coat cops all
around me and um in reality I got my
phone out I'm going uh hold on let's see
if it could turn back on I got to show
you guys a series of tick tocks to know
why this happened and they're like okay
and so I got I grabbed my portable
charger from the car plug it in and I go
okay so first you gotta watch this Tick
Tock huh you got to watch this part okay
and then this one and it was the dumbest
and lamest thing ever where each cop
they're like watching the tick tocks
after a while ago so a lot of people
hate me and this guy was making threats
so they and here's the police report
number for my friend who was swatted
here's a video for getting swatted
and so they kind of go okay okay we can
tell that you know this isn't real
um we'll you know they're they're
starting to leave and then they said
just you know keep your phone on you
we're gonna be talking to you a lot
today I said sure okay and so my
immediate like I get back in the house
and I'm like someone try to I got such a
rush because I was like someone tried to
[ __ ] kill me someone tried to [ __ ]
kill me and failed I feel so like
powerful for me because the thing is I
can't be swatted anymore they're not
gonna fall for it again there's a photo
of me uh in between all the officers and
so I made I put that on a shirt
and then I went on um I was on Twitter
and I posted that and advertised the
shirt but the photo of me between all
the FBI agents I wrote Under it like
these police have no jurisdiction in
dainland
as a joke right
as a joke
the FBI and the police do not think
that's funny why would you be making
jokes about something so serious I'm
like [ __ ] you I'm the victim I can make
jokes about it if I want I couldn't I
mean it is my right as an American to
make jokes about my own trauma yeah I'm
a content creator I had something
traumatic happened to me I'm gonna
create content about it what'd you think
I was gonna do and so um
they they were like all right
um if you don't want us coming back you
need to explain to me what danland means
right now I'm like you want to explain
that and he's like yeah
and so I was like it's a joke it's just
not going to be funny though so it won't
make sense to you it's like explain it
like some guy saw my username and said
that Donna Scott he thought it said that
Danish guy he thought Danish people are
from dainland instead of Denmark so he
said you're not from danland when he
meant to say you're not from Denmark and
I said juanesh is a Persian name I never
claimed to be Danish that's it that's it
and he goes well that's not that funny
I'm like because I had to explain it
because you had to explain it you had to
be there man and arguably it still is
but um I didn't know the origins of
daneland because if you don't know
danelan basic uh so people think that
Danish is uh running a cult I think it's
funny though that people are like
because it's not like you know they're
like oh this new cult and I'm like this
isn't a cult this is someone with a
platform that's fairly large and they
have people who really like them
that's the thing they can't fathom is
like I made a video about Danish and
then now there's a random person in my
comment section criticizing me in my
must be a call it couldn't be that he's
got millions of followers and maybe
someone didn't like what they had to say
like yeah but that's not a possibility
so you've been accused of running a cult
the truth of uh of Dane lands right if
you were an actual cult leader
what would you require of your followers
to stay in your good graces now this
could be rules it could be dress codes
rituals any any aspect of this cult well
um what I would have in my cult actually
I would adopt from what those people who
have been accusing me of being in a cult
have said uh one of the things that they
have accused me of those people that say
I'm gonna cult uh is that I have my
followers go around you know Mass
reporting any criticism of me any
they don't do that I would love that
that would be great that would be
amazing there's a bunch of ridiculous
videos about me out there I would love
for them to all to go around Mass
reporting it another thing is they added
uh those people that accused me of being
in a cult of added a new character to
their
jury of the Lord
yeah uh yeah and and this one has
brought a new angle to it that I
definitely would adopt so they this
person has watched a documentary on
Cults and then they imagined that they
were in this documentary and as the
documentary is fake and that they were
in the real cult and it was led by me
and so and now it's evolved into a sex
cult so now it's getting fun yeah well
now I'm like okay now we get to be silly
now that now it's getting more
interesting so um we'll definitely take
that too sex sculpt part sounds amazing
we're keeping that yeah we're definitely
[ __ ] in this cold all right everyone
yeah yeah oh no absolutely
and we are [ __ ] Mass reporting and
[ __ ]
um the only other things that I would
make people do is things that I like so
so it's Mass reporting [ __ ] and you
can't eat anything except for Bulldog
Ramen and Diet Coke that's it that's
what I want everyone to I want everyone
to only eat that [ __ ]
like crazy all the time and in Mass
report if we could [ __ ] Mass report
at the same time like the whole cult
that would be that would be incredible
but one thing I wouldn't do one thing I
would never in my life do would make
would be naming a [ __ ] Cult dainland
of all [ __ ] things that could be
danland that would be the last thing I
would ever pick
what would you name your call do you
have any like have you thought about it
at all Denmark
[Laughter]
that's great
you heard it here all right I'm super
into Denmark
um I've been really getting into Denmark
uh lately and honestly I think this
called this I think is gonna just like
completely overshadow Jared Leto's cult
Jim Jones has nothing on you
you're a real one we'll see we don't do
we don't do Kool-Aid We're not gonna do
Kool-Aid we'll do um
or like maybe how about an off-brand
Crystal we don't want to do brand name
associations so we'll do like a Rite Aid
Crystal Light brand I like that right
yeah that's that's nice and it's like a
it's like a more cost effective option
sure yeah we could do this yeah generic
cyanide we don't want to pay for the
yeah oh I I know a guy so I can hook you
up and uh I know the FBI is listening so
we're just being a little silly we're
just joking around all right yeah over
threatening ourselves and they don't
give [ __ ] when we're threatened so yeah
they're gonna be like and it doesn't
seem like a real threat yet we'll just
wait until everyone's dead yeah
Federal Bureau of addressing the
aftermath
that was special I love learning about
uh new up and coming Cults that's the
new trend forecasting right we have all
like the fashion forecasting and like
the it's like I want to know about like
the the Cults that are up and coming so
I can like be ahead of the trends right
I hope you enjoyed today's uh episode I
hope it enlightened you
um on how to maybe protect yourself a
little bit on the internet because who
knows you might wake up tomorrow with
the FBI in your face and uh on that note
thank you for tuning in and uh I will
see you next week
